WDAC/Recommended block rules: Add notes and link (#5112)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/security/threat-protection/windows-defender-application-control/microsoft-recommended-block-rules.md

  </SiPolicy>
```
<br />

> [!Note]

> > To create a policy that works on both version 1803 and 1809, you can create two diff policies, or merge them into one broader policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> To create a policy that works on both Windows 10, version 1803 and version 1809, you can create two different policies, or merge them into one broader policy.
```

> ## Further reading (How-To)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## More information
```
